[Feature][Connector-V2] Support like predicate pushdown in paimon (#9484)
apache/seatunnel: docs/en/connector-v2/source/Paimon.md

### query [string]

The filter condition of the table read. For example: `select * from st_test where id > 100`. If not specified, all rows are read.

> Currently, where conditions only support <, <=, >, >=, =, !=, or, and,is null, is not null, between...and, in, not in, like(only support startWith) ,and others are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, where conditions only support <, <=, >, >=, =, !=, or, and,is null, is not null, between...and, in, not in, like(pattern matching with prefix only) ,and others are not supported.
```
